[ Groaning ]
Jake:
What's the deal, bro?
I called you for grub
forever ago.
I feel like crud, man.
Why do I feel
like such crud?
Um...
Is it 'cause you lost
the Finn sword?
No.
Is it 'cause
you lost your arm again
and it got replaced
with a metal one?
No.
The arm's cool.
Is it...
'cause you got,
like, a grass clone
that lives on our roof?
No. That's fine.
[ Chewing ]
Um, is it...
[ Munches ]
...'cause you crushed
every bone in Susan's body
and put her
in the hospital?
Susan?!
I totally forgot!
I gotta make sure
she's all right.
Wait!
What about...
[ Groans ]
He's not becoming
part of the tree
or something mythological
like that, is he?
He's just thinking.
There's a bird
building a nest in his mouth.
[ Chirping ]
Hey, Grass Finn.
You all right?
[ Groans ]
Okay.
I've gotta run an errand.
But Jake will be around.
[ Whispers ] I'll be back
in a couple hours.
Man, IDK.
This guy kinda
gives me the willies.
Just set him up
with some activities.
Pretend he's me.
He is me.
Yeah, I guess so.
I'll just do...
Finn stuff with him.
Thanks, bro.
Pbhtttt!
Grass Finn!
I made meatloaf!
[ Footsteps
quickly approaching ]
Oh, boy!
My favorite!
Hey,
that's Finn's meatlo--
Yeah -- my meatloaf bib.
What about it?
Nothing.
This just has to rest
for a while and --
I want my meatloaf now!
Ha! Okay, okay.
[ Chuckles ]
Just how you like it.
[ Chomps ]
Mm-hmm!
You lost some there.
It's this grass bod.
I guess grass boys
don't get any meatloaf.
It's okay.
We'll just find you
a  newfavorite food.
[ Fan squeaking ]
Susan?
Can you hear me?
[ Sighs ]
I'm sorry I couldn't
stop you earlier.
I lost control...
and I realized
when my arm went all nasty
that being out of control
like that was so scary and --
and painful.
And that's how
you must've felt
after your brain jazz
got fried by that eel
and he went bonkers
on everyone.
I wasn't strong enough
to stop you.
In a way,
this is all my fault.
Finn! You did this?!
Doctor Princess!
Do you know
what it means
that she's
hooked up to these?
Do you even know
what that one does --
and the creepy
breathing one?
And that yucky
dripping bag?
Ugh!
What are you going to do
to fix this?
I'll do anything
to help Susan.
Anything?
Yes!
Good, 'cause I'm tired
of doing double shifts.
Put this on.
Okay,
you're a doctor now.
Good luck.
Wait, wait,
whoa, whoa, wait!
I don't know how
to doctor!
Look, no one
really knows anything.
The truth is...
I'm not technically
a doctor.
I don't even have
a medical degree.
I just came in here one day
for an X-ray,
and my first name
is Doctor,
so, well,
one thing led to another.
Ciao.
Wait! Doctor Princess!
Hey, Doc,
can you help me?
Sorry.
I'm not a real --
[ Sniffles ]
Aha! Just what we need --
a real Finn-style tune.
[ Air whooshing ]
I can't breathe.
I can't make music,
I can't breathe, I can't --
Hey, hey.
It's okay!
Not breathing is cool.
Hey, I know what you like --
fighting evil!
Yeah! I hate evil!
Well, let's give trouble
to some trouble!
You take the lead
on this one, brother.
Know any evil dungeons
you want to smash?
Yeah.
I know somewhere evil.
Where does it hurt?
It's the big one
for me, Doc.
It's really over.
I get this pain
in my paw,
and it just stays
in my paw.
Oh, it's horrible.
Ah!
Wow!
You're a healing genius,
Doc.
Huh. This place feels
kinda familiar somehow.
[ Whirring ]
[ Roars ]
Both: Huh?!
Grass Finn! help me!
[ Groaning ]
Jake?!
Ouch! Ouch!
Jake! Hold on!
H-Hey!
Great job, man!
Hmm!
Okay.
Where's the next patient?
In here, Doctor.
Hey, baby!
What?!
Where's Doctor Princess?!
I just wanted some TLC
from a cute gal.
[ Click ]
So, uh...
how's your, uh...
general condition?
My back is in agony,
like always.
My toes taste like candy corn.
Is that bad?
And everything smells
like licorice --
except for licorice,
which smells like --
[ Crunch ]
Wha?!
How do you feel,
Ice King?
I...feel...
great!
Oh, mama!
I feel
500 years old again!
[ Laughs ]
Hey, we should hit the town,
go dancing...
[ Thinking ]
"Doctor Finn."
This feels pretty right.
Grass Beast: All right.
So you've fought your way
to the center of the maze.
But to pass this gate, you must
answer my deadly riddle.
"What squats
on stony feet"--
Time.
The answer was
probably "time," right?
Good job, man.
Real good job.
Aw, come on.
[ Gate creaks ]
[ Sniffs ]
This is
where the evil is.
And I'm-a gonna kill it!
Hey...why don't we
take five?
[ Warbling ]
Who's out there?!
Busting into the Grassy Wizard's
grassy fortress?!
Use your head!
Hey. Do I know you?
Uh, duh!
I'm Jake the dog.
Everybody knows me.
No.
I think he means me.
He...
[ Laughing evilly ]
[ Tink! ]
He...made me.
I did?
I did!
The, uh --
the -- the -- the...
the grass sword!
Geez, my memory is bad.
Okay, guy, I got a lot
of big questions for you.
Why did you make me?
Am I bad?
Am I part
of a conspiracy
hatched by
one of Finn's enemies?
Or am I an eternal curse
sent by the globs?
[ Chuckles ]
No, nothing like that.
I just thought
it would be cool.
"Grass blade" --
it's a sort of pun.
Actually, this is great
for me, personally.
Since you're my creation,
you have to do what I say!
Chop up
this trespassing dog!
I am your master --
Ooh!
Obey m-- Oof!
Okay, maybe just leave --
Ugh!
[ Grunting ]
Hey, buddy,
that's -- that's plenty.
Fight the evil, right?
Yeah...
but not like that.
It ain't right.
Not ri-- right?
Right here in my hand...
I hold
the latest miracle cure.
Once I release
this surgical sword,
Susan's warrior instincts
will kick in
and she'll snap back
to consciousness.
Any questions?
No, let's see
where this goes.
I want to see brains.
All right.
[ All gasp ]
Hey, y'all.
I'm back.
What?!
A sword?!
That's not
how you practice medicine!
Don't listen to her, Doc.
You're great!
You fixed me up
tip-top.
Jibbs! Did your hand
always look like that?!
Well...
I guess maybe not.
But I trust you.
Yo, yo, yo, Mr. Fox!
What's going on --
[ Crunch ]
Aagh! My back!
I'm no doctor.
That felt kind of right
for a while. But nah.
They would've been better off
if I had just stayed out of it.
Uh, yeah,
speaking of that...
Banana guards,
prep the garden shed.
We need 50cc
of fertilizer, stat!
See, Grass Finn?
In the end,
you did the right thing --
just like Finn would have.
Uh...
good job, grass me.
But I'm not you.
It's clear
that I'm someone else.
So from now on,
call me...
Fern the human.
[ Engine roars ]
[ Tires screech ]
Oof!
Hello.
Excuse me.
Fern needs this bike.
[ Tires squeal ]
No!
Starchy's midlife crisis!
Hey, Fern, wait!
Let him go, man.
Trust me.
[ Engine revs ]
[ Monitor beeping ]
Awesome!
Come along with me
And the butterflies and bees
This party is so crazy!